# BBVAPriceTicker
BBVA Java UI Task
Introduction:
For this task, the candidate is expected to demonstrate good software design and implementation within the context of low-latency financial systems.  The solution provided is expected to be of reasonable quality for a prototype.  Wherever the problem is unclear, the candidate should make (and state) any assumptions he or she thinks appropriate within the application context.
The task:
Design and implement a Java Swing or JavaFX application that accomplishes the following:
1.	For each of three independent price sources, the application should subscribe for continuous two-way prices for ten instruments.
2.	As the two-way prices tick, the main user interface should display the latest two-way price for each price-source and instrument combination
3.	Should a user double-click on any “latest” two-way price, then a dialog showing the last fifty “historic” two-way price ticks (for the price-source and instrument that the double-clicked “latest” two-way price belongs to) should be shown.  The dialog should also show timestamps of every price tick and allow flexible sorting by timestamp and price.

Design
1. Used Client Server technology
2. Used Google Protobuf as a protocol for fast and efficent data marshalling and unmarshalling.
3. Google Protobuf Compiler based model generation
4. Will work on aysnchronous RPC with call back style client mechanisms
5. Uses Low level socket programming and protocol
6. For better memory handling a FIFO queue like data structure to be used.
  (Linked hash map with delete on excess count was used and hence memory was properly managed

Design RoadMap:
1. 3 Different Data source data will generated by the application using random values
2. Client would be able to subscribe and unsubscribe values individually
3. A maximum of 50 records will be stored by the server in the data store.
4. Client will have the facility to subscribe and unsubsribe multiple times for the same instrument

Packaging:
 1. Executable java jar file for client
 2. Executable java jar file for server
 3. Source code available from github URL:
  https://github.com/smohamedfarouk/BBVAPriceTicker

How to start the server:
1. First start the Pricing Server first
    java - jar Server.jar

2. Start the client
    java - jar Client.jar
